(One, two, three, four)
Today has a way of scarring your eyes
With negative light, but it's a disguise
I put on my shades and see through the lies
The convenient truth is
Light is on the way, we'll be having a fun time
It's such a lovely day, we should pocket the sunshine
And never give it back, even if there's a heat wave
Or terrorist attack, it will just be a close shave
I know (I know)
That every bomb has a silver lining
It won't be long until
Everything works out nice in the end
The sun will marry the moon
It'll be fine
Why don't we sit back, mellow again
And have a nice afternoon?
It'll be fine
I go for a walk, the sidewalk is cracked
I'm not superstitious, but I made a pact
With old Mother Earth, she'd get off my back
If I get off hers
Light is on the way, we'll be having a fun time
It's such a lovely day, we should pocket the sunshine
And never give it back, even if there's a heat wave
We're stalling on the track, it will just be a close shave
I know (I know)
That in a snap, all the birds will sing
I'm full of crap, but still
Everything works out nice in the end
The sun will marry the moon
It'll be fine
Why don't we sit back, mellow again
And have a nice afternoon?
It'll be fine
Fine, fine, fine
Everything is gonna be
Everything works out nice in the end
The sun will marry the moon
It'll be fine
Why don't we sit back, mellow again
And have a nice afternoon?
It'll be fine
Everything works out nice in the end (I know)
The sun will marry the moon (that every bomb)
Works out nice in the end (has a silver lining, I know)
Why don't we sit back mellow again (I know)
And have a nice afternoon? (It won't be long until)
Sit back mellow again
Everything works out nice in the end
The sun will marry the moon
It'll be fine
Why don't we sit back mellow again
And have a nice afternoon?
It'll be fine, fine, fine, fine